Kyma starter (#503)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/java/environments/sap-btp-kyma-environment.mdx

  - cloud sdk
  - sap cloud sdk
---

[Kyma](https://kyma-project.io/) is an application runtime that provides you a flexible and easy way to connect, extend, and customize your applications in the cloud-native world of Kubernetes.
Find more details in [official documentation](https://kyma-project.io/docs/kyma/latest/01-overview/).

> ## SAP Cloud SDK Features Supported on SAP Gardener

Author: ```suggestion
## SAP Cloud SDK Features Supported on Kyma by SAP
```

Find below the list of features we currently support:

> - ✅ Consume SAP BTP services like Destination, Connectivity, IAS, XSUAA, and others
> - ✅ Multitenancy
> - ✅ Resilience & Caching
> - ✅ Connect to and consume services from SAP S/4HANA Cloud
> - ❌ Connect to and consume services from SAP S/4HANA On-Premise
> - ✅ Seamless use of typed clients provided by the SAP Cloud SDK

Author: ```suggestion
- ✅ Consume SAP BTP services like Destination, Connectivity, IAS, XSUAA, and others
- ✅ Multitenancy
- ✅ Resilience & Caching
- ✅ Connect to and consume services from SAP S/4HANA Cloud
- ✅ Connect to and consume services from SAP S/4HANA On-Premise
- ✅ Seamless use of typed clients provided by the SAP Cloud SDK
```

  - cloud sdk
  - sap cloud sdk
---

[Kyma](https://kyma-project.io/) is an application runtime that provides you a flexible and easy way to connect, extend, and customize your applications in the cloud-native world of Kubernetes.
Find more details in the [official documentation](https://kyma-project.io/docs/kyma/latest/01-overview/).

## SAP Cloud SDK Features Supported on Kyma by SAP

Find below the list of features we currently support:

- ✅ Consume SAP BTP services like Destination, Connectivity, IAS, XSUAA, and others
- ✅ Multitenancy
- ✅ Resilience & Caching
- ✅ Connect to and consume services from SAP S/4HANA Cloud
- ✅ Connect to and consume services from SAP S/4HANA On-Premise
- ✅ Seamless use of typed clients provided by the SAP Cloud SDK

## Getting Started with the SAP Cloud SDK on Kyma

> We're working on fully fledged guide for developing and publishing your application on Kyma runtime withe the SAP Cloud SDK for Java.

Author: ```suggestion
The getting started guide for the Kyma environment is pending. It shouldn't stop you from using this environment with the SAP Cloud SDK for Java.
```
